---
date: '2022-09-27'
title: '2일차'
categories: ['Web', 'SEO', 'Optimization']
summary: '2일차 느낀점.'
thumbnail: './2.png'
---

### We need to use VSCode if we want to make a website.

- False

### If I make a mistake on HTML the browser will show an error.

- False

### A browser will always show some content even if the HTML is wrong.

- True

### I can write any tag I like on HTML, like ```<food>김치</food>```

- Yes, but it will not have an effect on the browser.

### To make a heading on HTML I should write ?```<h1>Title<h1>```

- False

### What does 'ol' stand for?

- Ordered List

### What does 'ul' stand for?

- Unordered List

### What does 'li' stand for?

- List Item

### Why do we use attributes on our HTML tags?

- To give tags more information.

### What is the correct way of writing attributes?

```text
<tag attribute="value">
```

### Can I write any attribute that I want?

- Yes, but it will not have an effect on the browser.


### All attributes work for all tags.

- False

### If I give 'href' to a 'h1' it will become a title with a link.

- False

### 'img' tag is a self closing tag.

- True

### What is a self closing tag?

- A tag that has no content, all information is provided via attributes.


### What does do?
```text
<!DOCTYPE html> 
```

- It tells the browser that this document contains html code.

### What are the two parts of an HTML document?

- head - body

### What do we put on the ```<head>``` ?

- We put tags to configure our document.

### What do we put on the ```<body>```?

- We put the content of our document.


### What do ```<meta>``` tags do?

- The give extra information to our document.

### There are very few HTML tags so we can memorize them all.

- False

### An HTML tag can have another HTML tag inside of it.

- True

### What is an ID

- It gives a unique identifier to a tag.

### Can I add an ID to the ```<body>``` tag?

- Yes

### How many IDs can a tag have?

- Min 0. Max 1.

### What is the name of tags that give no meaning to the document?

- Non Semantic Tags


### Which one is a semantic tag?

- section

### What is a semantic tag?

- A tag that gives meaning to the document.

### 느낀점 💬
> 영어공부를 해야겠다